t980 A man was shot dead and fifteen others injured when Zambian policemen clashed with citizens rioting in protest against alleged ritual murders by a local businessman, police said Monday. U.S. President George W. Bush expressed confidence on Monday about passing an immigration bill and said a Senate vote of no-confidence in Alberto Gonzales would have no bearing on his service as attorney general. French President Nicolas Sarkozy announced Tuesday in Washington that he would visit China later this month, joined by his wife, Carla Bruni-Sarkozy. These columns for release Tuesday, April 2, 2002 are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Media and entertainment giant Viacom Inc. said Wednesday it may split into two divisions with one focussing on "growth" and the other, more traditional arm, aiming for "value". I don't know if ``Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix'' is a good movie -- I haven't seen it. But I'm pretty certain that it shouldn't be judged as a movie at all. It is a visual representation of a book in which millions of people are Two car bombs blew up Monday in the working class town of Yehud, just hours after three Palestinian militants were killed by missiles fired by an Israeli helicopter in a pinpointed attack. Australia's farmers should remember rising fuel prices were hitting farmers worldwide and not just them, Deputy Prime Minister and National Party Leader John Anderson said Tuesday.
t1088 Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin on Thursday proposed a three-phase solution to end the three-month-old conflict in Chechnya, starting with the declaration of demilitarised zones. Derek Jeter hit a go-ahead homer and finished with four hits, Alex Rodriguez added a home run and the New York Yankees beat the slumping Mets 11-8 Saturday. India has added almost 100 million people to its list of the poor, a move that will give a total of 372 million access to state welfare schemes and subsidies, a government official said Monday. Maybe a job applicant claims that he earned a bachelor's degree when he was actually one semester shy of graduation. Or he boasts of winning an award from a trade group that doesn't exist. Police on Wednesday handcuffed and led away three children and seven adults who tried to take water into the hospice where brain-damaged Terri Schiavo is being cared for. He was an important political figure, arrested for engaging in lewd conduct in a public men's Married, with children, he told no one. Instead he pleaded guilty without even hiring a lawyer, hoping the problem would quietly disappear. French judges investigating a scandal involving cash payments for airline tickets moved a step closer to President Jacques Chirac on Wednesday, questioning his daughter in the case that dates back to Chirac's time as Paris mayor. A book based on a cancer patient's diary, which has recorded the emotions of his last days on earth, is being printed and will hit the shelves soon, said Monday's China Daily.
t1233 Michael Johnson, who improved his own indoor 400m world record to 44.63 on Saturday, said he was heading home to Dallas, Texas, to start training for the 200m and 400m outdoors. His 200m split in his record- breaking run was 21.08. The names and faces of famous New Yorkers including Mickey Mantle, Judy Garland and Malcolm X would be protected in New York from advertising and promotion not authorized by their estates under a measure pushed by Al Pacino and Yoko Ono. A South African surfer survived a shark attack after wrestling away from the hungry predator off the country's southeastern coast, local media reported Tuesday. If you can afford club seats at Astros Field this season, you will be able to dine on pheasant quesadillas and wild-boar tamales, with a side salad of field greens in a three-pepper balsamic vinegar dressing, served in a hollowed-out multi-grain dinner roll. Police in Vietnam were investigating a man for his suspected role in distributing a pornographic film on the Internet showing him in sex acts with a noted actress, an officer said Thursday. I suppose I'll merely expose myself to harmless ridicule if I make the following assertion: George W. Bush's presidency will probably be a successful one. Republican House leaders urged the Bush administration Monday to uphold a ban on embryonic stem cell research and block any federal funding of projects that use such cells. Russian challenger Vladimir Kramnik extended his lead over world chess number one Gary Kasparov in the world chess championships on Tuesday.
t1235 A young German violinist plans to sue the London Philharmonic Orchestra after its conductor, her nephew by adoption, cancelled her London debut on the grounds she was "not ready," the Daily Telegraph reported Tuesday. Albanian opposition parties threatened to boycott the first round of presidential elections next week because the governing party choose its own candidate without consulting the opposition, officials said Monday. India's Maoist rebels top the list of the worst human rights offenders among the myriad of insurgent groups in the country, a study on torture in the world's largest democracy said Tuesday. If you can afford club seats at Astros Field this season, you will be able to dine on pheasant quesadillas and wild-boar tamales, with a side salad of field greens in a three-pepper balsamic vinegar dressing, served in a hollowed-out multi-grain dinner roll. A Spanish businessman of Iraqi origin who was held hostage for several weeks in Iraq has been freed and brought back to Spain, the foreign ministry here announced Thursday. Farmers here call these sandblasted acacia orchards the ``gardens of our grandfathers,'' and for centuries the sticky amber sap flowing from them helped to bind civilization. Seattle outfielder Ichiro Suzuki became the first rookie to draw the most votes and was among four Mariners elected by fans Monday to start next week's All-Star game at Safeco Field. Veteran Richard Krajicek of the Netherlands eliminated fifth-seeded Juan Carlos Ferreros of Spain 6-4, 6-3 in the opening round of the Swiss indoors tennis championships in Basle, Switzerland on Tuesday.
t1297 Unexpectedly high producer price and industrial output rises fuelled fears the US economy was overheated, and that the Federal Reserve might raise interest rates, sending blue chips lower Wednesday. U.S. nuclear envoy Christopher Hill says the next round of North Korean nuclear disarmament talks could be held in early July. US President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden will lead mourners on Sunday at a service in West Virginia for the dead of the worst US mining tragedy in decades. Digital video recorders are the rage. The picture is better, and units like the Replay TV _ which uses a hard disk instead of videotape _ have features not available with old-fashioned VCRs. European Union (EU) foreign policy chief Javier Solana said Wednesday that maintaining an arms embargo on China is "unfair" given the changes in China since it was imposed in 1989. "Justice League of America" is exactly the kind of movie Warner Bros. loves to make. Based on the classic DC Comics series, the script is filled with a dream team of recognizable superheroes -- Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, the Flash -- and could not only become its own franchise, A prosecution expert said Tuesday that a former Ku Klux Klansman is faking mental problems and is competent to stand trial for the 1963 church bombing that killed four black girls. A total of 2.2 billion euros ( 1.870 billion U.S. dollars) of investments departed from Portugal's stock-market from January to August this year, according to a report released by Bank of Portugal Friday.
t1768 The peseta nosedived to a new all-time low early Friday afternoon on the London forex market, hitting 93.30 to the German mark, Dresdner Bank analyst Elizabeth Legge said. Your work computer just suffered a major meltdown. Maybe the operating system failed, or a virus crashed the hard drive. News that banking giant Goldman Sachs has been charged with fraud sent Asian stocks tumbling Monday, while airlines were hit as northern European airspace was closed due to the Icelandic volcano. Stating that the ``foundation for economic expansion'' has been laid but that the strength and sustainability of the recovery is still uncertain, Alan Greenspan, the Federal Reserve's chairman, strongly suggested to Congress on Wednesday that monetary policy would remain unchanged for the foreseeable Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has told US officials there is no question of freezing Israel's planned expansion of Maale Adumim, the largest Jewish settlement in the West Bank, an aide said Thursday. er, darlings -- are back where they ought to be, make sure you keep an eye on their training for fall sports. The last thing you want is to have them injured and lounging on the couch where they have spent the past three months hollering for food. The heads of the West Coast chapter of the Hollywood performer unions have submitted a tentative contract settlement for a vote by the guilds' nearly 135,000 members. Overseas direct investment in China during the first 10 months this year increased 37 percent in contractual volume from the same period last year.
